>> New documentary.
[SWOOSH]
>> I know we have
the answers here,
and I know that we
can heal ourselves.
>> Go inside and then find
that thing that you're looking
for all your life.
[SWOOSH]
>> This week on Gaia.
On the other side.
[SWOOSH]
>> I came in here.
I felt very heavy.
My heart had gone through a lot.
And right now, I feel like
I can tackle the world.
[SWOOSH]
>> On Superpower.
>>RICK SNYDER: There's
so many applications
of intuitive intelligence
in the workplace,
and we're just at the
brink of discovering really
the power of intuition.
[SWOOSH]
>> On open minds
with Regina Meredith.
>>KAEDRICH OLSEN: When you
come to the [NON-ENGLISH]
and the High Holy Gods
to ask of the runes,
the universal mysteries, it's
best for one to be silent.
[SWOOSH]
>> On Mysteries of
The Knights Templar.
[SWOOSH]
>> How did the Knights Templar
lay the groundwork for what
would be the new Atlantis?
[SWOOSH]
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>>JEAN-CHARLES MOVEN:
I say to myself
and I look up the
stars, come and get me.
I can't stay here anymore.
[SWOOSH]
>> On Into the Vortex.
>>ADAM CURRY: And the
only way out of this
is probably not
printing more money.
It's not doing any of the things
that used to work in the past,
but it's an embrace of radically
transformative technologies
that can get us
out of this mess.
[SWOOSH]
>> Only on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]